# Top-Python-web-development-companies-in-India
As a developer, we don’t have much choice to choose between languages. At times it can be the client’s demand to use a particular language other times it may be the right language for the requirement. But if given a choice which language would you choose? The answer can be different for all of us depending on what factors we consider or our comfort level with that language. In this article, I will try to discuss both these languages and different web developments possible in both.  Python I reiterate my previous question which language you would choose, and I believe most of my coder friends will go with Python. But have you ever wondered what makes this language developed in 1989 by Guido Van Rossum so famous? Well one reason why it rose to popularity was due to DRY (Don’t Repeat Yourself) principle, this enhances the readability of the code. Another common rationale is the simplicity of the language. The language is not only similar to English which makes it easy to learn but is also dynamically typed. There should be an ability for you to voice opinion almost everywhere. Python does that, it allows you to tweak and improve the community continuously.  What are python web development companies in India more common? As already mentioned python is quite a versatile language with an open-source code. It interprets line by line and is hence user friendly. But one of the major reasons why it is used by development companies is because of its portability. Even if it is developed for Linux or windows it will work on IOS. Which means that it can cater to a larger audience for your client. Another reason is the availability of several frameworks such as Flask, Django, Pyramid and even the more advanced ones like Plone and Django CMS. Now another crucial factor is the availability of standard libraries and modules that simplify content management, database and interfacing with internet protocols. Moreover python web development companies in India also boast of more security, scalability and flexibility.  Django web development - the future ahead? This language is a web framework coded in python. It is open-sourced and the development has taken place to create websites and applications faster. It is one of the safest codes and can secure sensitive passwords and accounts easily. The language code has the advantage of being compatible with Google engine and is Unicode based. It is used by developers for tasks such as URL routing and user authentication. Django web development has ORM(Object Relational Mapping) which assists in managing database migration. This also leads to a speedy process.  Conclusion Python web development companies in India choose this dynamic and constantly growing language due to the various attributes it benefits. Django is a developed form of python. Which is one of the most usable one owing to many extensions, plugins, updates, ORM, in-built forms. Although there are several languages, these two stand out for me!
